Install guide improvements (#8359)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.4/comp-mgr/dev_add-update.md

---
group: software-update-guide
title: Add or update components
menu_title: Add or update components
menu_order: 5
menu_node:
functional_areas:
  - Upgrade

> redirect_from: /guides/v.24/install-gde/install/cli/dev_add-update.html

Reviewer: This format looks incorrect...at least it is different than the previous one.

Author: What looks incorrect about it?

Reviewer 2: v.24 should be v2.4

---

A contributing developer updates components by specifying components and their versions in Magento's `composer.json`.

> To update components if you're *not* a contributing developer, see [Updating the Magento application and components]({{ page.baseurl }}/comp-mgr/bk-compman-upgrade-guide.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update components if you are *not* a contributing developer, see [Updating the Magento application and components]({{ page.baseurl }}/comp-mgr/bk-compman-upgrade-guide.html).
```

You can either add a `require` section to `composer.json` or you can use the `composer require` command as follows:

1. Log in to the Magento server, or switch to, the [Magento file system owner](https://glossary.magento.com/magento-file-system-owner).
1. Change to the directory to which you cloned the Magento application. For example,

   ```bash
   cd /var/www/magento2
   ```

You have the following options:

### Get available module versions

Command usage:

```bash
composer show --all <vendor>/<name>
```

For example,

```bash

> composer show --all example/module

Reviewer: Is this a working example? If not, can it be?

Author: I don't know. Maybe you can try it out!
